Design and implementation of freqAnalyze.py
1. When impementing freqAnalyze.py I opted to take the input file as an argument from the command line.
   The provided file path is then read into a string, and converted to lowercase to ensure case insensitivity.
   To create the collection of grams, the zip function is used along with the map and join functions.
   The zip function splits the string into either single, double, or triple pairs of letters which are stored in a tupple,
   then joined into a single string. This provides all letters, bigrams, and trigrams in the string.
   These grams are then filtered for pairs only containing english letters. 
   The grams are then counted using the Counter python library, converted to a list, and sorted in descending order.
   Finally all grams are printed side-by-side using the zip function.

Design and implementation of decipher.js
1. Decipher.js uses some simple JavaScript to load `ciphertext.txt` into memory, and a manually-created alphabetMapping
to exchange each letter in the ciphertext with its deciphered equivalent. Decipher.js only requires fs, which contains
file system methods, and NodeJS, which is a runtime environment for JavaScript. 



Running freqAnalyze.py
1. Enter the command `python3 freqAnalyze.py <path to text file>` into the Linux terminal
	a. In the above command, replace <path to text file> with the actual path to the text file you wish to analyze

Running decipher.js
1. If JavaScript Node is not already installed on your machine, install it by typing the command `sudo apt install nodejs`
2. Enter the command `node decipher.js` into the Linux terminal



Self-evaluation and interesting observations for freqAnalyze.py
1. When designing freqAnalyze.py I had to think of how to search for all n-grams in the text without necesarilly having to 
   search all n-grams possible in the english language. Performance could quickly degrade if performing an exhaustive search.
   I chose to implement my solution in python because I have familiarity with text processing in python, 
   and I utilized several built-in python functions.

Self-evaluation and interesting observations for decipher.js
1. I believe decipher.js is quite compact and simple. I wrote several iterations of decipher.js until I was satisfied
with its simplicity and accuracy. The very first letters I deciphered were "t", "h", and "e". "e" is the most common letter,
and "t" and "h" were also quite common as they altogether make up the word "the", which is the most common English word.

In addition, I noticed that it was much easier to manually decipher words by replacing still-ciphered letters with the same character.
In this case, I replaced still-ciphered letters with a dash: "-". This way I could easily distinguish between ciphered and
deciphered letters and figure out words (and by extension letters) with greater ease.